Add full quickstart guide with Whisker (#2015)
tigera/docs: calico/getting-started/kubernetes/quickstart.mdx

* `kubectl`.
  This is the tool you'll use to interact with your cluster.
  For installation instructions, see the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl)

## Step 1: Create a cluster

In this step, you will:
* **Create a cluster:** Use `kind` to create a Kubernetes cluster.
* **Verify the cluster:** Check that the cluster is running and ready.

1. Create a file called `config.yaml` and give it the following content:

   ```bash
   kind: Cluster
   apiVersion: kind.x-k8s.io/v1alpha4
   nodes:
     - role: control-plane
     - role: worker
     - role: worker
   networking:
     disableDefaultCNI: true
     podSubnet: 192.168.0.0/16
   ```

   This configuration file tells `kind` to create a cluster with one control-plane node and two worker nodes.
   It instructs `kind` to create the cluster without a CNI.
   The `podSubnet` range defines the IP addresses that Kubernetes will use for pods.

2. Start your Kubernetes cluster with the configuration file by running the following command:

   ```bash
   kind create cluster --name=calico-cluster --config=config.yaml
   ```

>    `kind` reads you configuration file and creates a cluster in a few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `kind` reads your configuration file and creates a cluster in a few minutes.
```

## Step 2. Install Calico

In this step, you will install Calico in your cluster.

1. Install the Tigera operator and custom resource definitions.

   ```bash
   kubectl create -f $[manifestsUrl]/manifests/tigera-operator.yaml
   ```

   ```bash title="Expected output"
   namespace/tigera-operator created
   serviceaccount/tigera-operator created
   clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/tigera-operator-secrets created
   clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/tigera-operator created
   clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/tigera-operator created
   rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/tigera-operator-secrets created
   deployment.apps/tigera-operator created
   ```

2. Install $[prodname] by creating the necessary custom resources.

   ```bash
   kubectl create -f $[manifestsUrl]/manifests/custom-resources.yaml
   ```

   ```bash title="Expected output"
   installation.operator.tigera.io/default created
   apiserver.operator.tigera.io/default created
   goldmane.operator.tigera.io/default created
   whisker.operator.tigera.io/default created
   ```

3. Monitor the deployment by running the following command:

   ```bash

>    watch kubectl get pods --all-namespaces

Reviewer 2: I propuse
```bash
watch kubectl get tigerastatus
```

Author: Done.

   kube-system          coredns-76f75df574-qh6jh                               1/1     Running   0          32m
   kube-system          etcd-calico-cluster-control-plane                      1/1     Running   0          32m
   kube-system          kube-apiserver-calico-cluster-control-plane            1/1     Running   0          32m
   kube-system          kube-controller-manager-calico-cluster-control-plane   1/1     Running   0          32m
   kube-system          kube-proxy-898gh                                       1/1     Running   0          32m
   kube-system          kube-proxy-w9ptk                                       1/1     Running   0          32m
   kube-system          kube-proxy-wbhpd                                       1/1     Running   0          32m
   kube-system          kube-scheduler-calico-cluster-control-plane            1/1     Running   0          32m
   local-path-storage   local-path-provisioner-7577fdbbfb-t4cq7                1/1     Running   0          32m
   tigera-operator      tigera-operator-576ccbdb88-d9bkm                       1/1     Running   0          6m4s
   ```

## Step 3. Monitor network traffic in Calico Whisker

> The Whisker web console deploys automatically, but it is not accessible from outside the cluster.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add why its not accessible? 
As a beginner it looks like you are daring me to publish it :D

Author: Sounds reasonable. What would you say? Anything more exciting that a generic 'for security reasons'?

Reviewer 2: That is pretty much what I had in mind too: 
> for security reasons since network flows are sensetive infomraiton

Author: Added some clarification, thanks.

To view the web console, you need to allow access.

In this step, you will:

* **Set up port forwarding:** This allows you to access the Whisker web console from your browser.
* **Open the Whisker web console:** View the network traffic logs in real time.

1. From your terminal, run the following command:

   ```bash
   kubectl port-forward -n calico-system service/whisker 8081:8081
   ```

   ```bash title="Expected output"
   Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:8081 -> 8081
   Forwarding from [::1]:8081 -> 8081
   ```

>    To keep Whisker running, keep this terminal open throughout the rest of this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To keep access from your browser to Whisker working, keep this terminal open throughout the rest of this tutorial.
```

Author: Clarified, thanks.

   ```bash
   wget -qO- http://nginx
   ```

   You should see the following output, indicating that access is denied:

   ```bash title="Expected output"
   wget: bad address 'nginx'
   ```

1. Test access to the public internet again:

   ```bash
   wget -qO- https://docs.tigera.io/pod-connection-test.txt
   ```

   You should see the following output, indicating that egress traffic is also denied:

   ```bash title="Expected output"
   wget: bad address 'docs.tigera.io'
   ```

1. Return to your browser to see the denied flow logs appear in the Whisker web console.
   You should see two denied flows to `coredns`.

   <Screenshot src="/img/quickstart-whisker3.png" alt="whisker3" />
   *Figure {figCount++}: Whisker web console showing denied flows to NGINX server and `https://docs.tigera.io`.*

   By following these steps, you have successfully implemented a global default deny policy and verified that it is working as expected.

## Step 6. Create targeted network policy for allowed traffic

Now that you have a default deny policy in place, you need to create specific policies to allow only the necessary traffic for your applications to function.

> The `default-deny` policy blocks all ingress and egress traffic for pods not in system namespaces, including our `access` (BusyBox) and `nginx` pods in the `quickstart` namespace.

Reviewer: Given that you've shown that DNS lookups are being blocked in Whisker, should you not talk about how to use the Whisker record to allow the blocked DNS traffic?  Maybe modify the default-deny to allow DNS lookups.

And then you'll see that the wget fails because of ingress policy on the access pod, and you can use that information to create the next policy.

Author: That's a great idea. I'll see about making that change in the next revision. Thanks!

Author: I'll track this idea separately, along with a similar one in the CC version.
